Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Hmm, I see

Unknown Speaker  0:03  
amazing. Is Toby joining

Dax Giornandi  0:06  
you should be Yeah, yeah. You mean, I mean, I haven't spoken to him for most of the day, but he reminded me of the men of the meeting. So, okay,

Unknown Speaker  0:17  
so how long you've been with consent?

Dax Giornandi  0:21  
Is the man himself. Sorry, I'm late. Can

Tobe  0:31  
you hear me? Yeah, yes, we can understand here I was asking how you were doing,

Cyriac Zeh  0:37  
doing fantastic, doing amazing.

Cyriac Zeh  0:40  
Don't have to tell me if you don't want what about you?

Tobe  0:45  
Yeah, good. I like your background look. That doesn't look like the East Coast.

Speaker 1  0:52  
That's, yeah, that's, uh, San Diego. It's very sunny today.

Tobe  0:58  
Yeah, nice. Yeah, cool. That's where you're based, right? Or, yeah, yeah, I'm based in San Diego. Okay, is that anthropic? Is that their headquarters or

Cyriac Zeh  1:08  
in San Francisco? Okay, nice, just sometimes only in the office,

Unknown Speaker  1:13  
but I don't have to

Tobe  1:15  
very cool. Well, I'm sure you've met DAX. DAX works with me on consents, and I want to start, like, looping him in more. So obviously, like, to the extent you've got questions on, like, our endpoints, report our API and that stuff, Dax will be a guy on the Slack channel.

Cyriac Zeh  1:38  
I didn't okay. So if I have any question, are you saying that I should just be going to DAX directly, or I didn't get what you're saying.

Dax Giornandi  1:49  
I think we've lost him. Oh, no, but yeah, I was getting that feeling, yeah, if you have any questions regarding, you know, technical stuff, then by all means, you know, ping us both, but loop me into it, I should be able to give you the answer, probably quickly, if not quicker, but As best as I can, amazing, cool,

Dax Giornandi  2:21  
San Diego Zoo. How many times I've been to the zoo? I've got like my kids grew up running around that Zoo? Oh, my God, yes. Now I remember things I did down there. It's one

Cyriac Zeh  2:32  
of the famous thing about San Diego.

Cyriac Zeh  2:35  
So 100%

Dax Giornandi  2:38  
Oh, was that Tobe back? No,

Unknown Speaker  2:42  
no. Is it the internet?

Dax Giornandi  2:47  
It could be end of day, he's having internet issues or power issues or i

Dax Giornandi  3:04  
What's the island of San Diego when you go over the bridge or the world, that really, what's, what's the island over the bridge in San Diego?

Speaker 1  3:16  
I think it's the bay. Coronado.

Dax Giornandi  3:19  
Coronado, yeah. Very nice restaurant. Yeah, it's all coming back. I lived, I lived out there in early 2000s for a couple of years. Oh, wow. So you

Cyriac Zeh  3:35  
actually were, you know, something already. Well, yeah, yeah.

Dax Giornandi  3:39  
Well, well enough. I mean, I could, I could navigate around and point out places I've been to, but my a couple of our friends, one of them got a lawyer agency down there. So we came down to visit. And then somebody else was going to university there or something, my wife's friends. So, you know, we had excuses to come down and visit. It's not bad. You either go one you go down to San Diego or up to Santa, Barbara. So one of the other,

Cyriac Zeh  4:07  
yeah, I love going up there, just driving around Santa, Barbara and every other city around there. Sometimes I just like to drive all the way up there from San Diego all the way to Sacramento, just for, you know, two, three days, just driving around. It's yeah.

Dax Giornandi  4:30  
I love Yeah. Take the 405. Right. Don't take the take the beach road if you're not going to Sacramento, if you're going up the up the coast, up to San Francisco, the five all the way up because to

Cyriac Zeh  4:43  
Canada, Seattle

Dax Giornandi  4:48  
goes all the way up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My wife went to university in Santa Cruz, so I visited her a few times, so we did the la route. Yeah,

Tobe  5:08  
don't, don't move to Vienna or work DAX. Imagine how frustrated I am this week. Okay, yeah, no, it's any hopefully, you know that it's not typically like me. It's hopefully the environment. But anyway, all right, Cyriac, do you want to curious?

Cyriac Zeh  5:33  
So share. So what I've been doing so far, I really had to do a really, really, really deep research around everything, to have a deep understanding of the topic. Because in some cases, you just work on I will usually work on project that it's like almost the first time. So I like to immerse myself into industry, to have a really deep context of everything. And that's kind of like why it was taking so much time and a process that I like to do a lot of processing thing with cloud, cloud, AI, that's why we use our work heavily, yeah, as a thinking model. So this is pretty much how I like to structure. Is where I like to create a folder, folder that's going to power up everything I drop all the documents inside so project and the detail and the research that I will do, and then from there, I would then be able to come up with a clear understanding of the project. And once I get to that point, what I love to do is really build every single file independently. So I will have an architecture file, I will have a database file, I have a UI file, CTC framework, the API, routes and authentication, and then Assessment Engine. And every assessment the Assessment Engine is pretty much what the user go through in order to see if they compliant or not. So based on how they would answer those questions, they will then be able to know exactly, oh, I do comply. Or now this is what I'm missing. Is what I'm not missing. So what I will be sharing here will just be UI first, because I have not hooked anything to the database. I haven't got any US logins or anything. So that's why I was like, let me share the UI first of progress so you can have visibility on how things are currently going. So I

Tobe  7:26  
quick question the Assessment Engine. Obviously, that's like an upfront questionnaire to see their posture, like, you know, at the beginning. But obviously CQC is ongoing, which a lot of the data will be pulled from the endpoints in the consent CRM, so is that part of the Assessment Engine, or is that a different component, the ongoing compliance pulling live from consents?

Cyriac Zeh  7:50  
So the way I structure, the way the Assessment Engine was built, it was more like you see when you learn up to date, Ron, you will see what's going on with your business, or if you actually comply on that. So it will be like this flow with questions that gave you either a score or qualify and tell you what's missing. If you want me to include something in it, I can definitely but this is pretty much what it will look like. It might just be a lot of code for you, but it's just a set of questions that users go through, and then it's based on all the regulations and all the document that was shared based on that. And then that's how the user get to answer. And then it will route them or find out the best code that qualifies them to a specific status on the cloud compliance level. I'm not sure if that answers the question,

Tobe  8:42  
yeah, but then, so once you've done that, that's like a that's a snapshot at that point in time based on your answers, right? So what I'm saying is consents, the CRM has, has reports on consent decay, has reports on other CQC metrics, okay? Because it's like, it's a business tool, right? So that they're using, they're using it constantly. Are you going to be able to pull from those reports on an ongoing basis to kind of update the score, right? Update their CQC score? So it's like, oh, like you got you missed. You had 10 patients, but you only collected five consents. Or this month, 12 consents, or 12% of your consents have expired. You need to, like, you want to mean, like ongoing things. And that's not like a lot of what like DAX is working on, giving you the reports and the endpoints to allow for ongoing compliance, not just a static assessment at the beginning.

Cyriac Zeh  9:45  
Okay, I see what you mean. So this one is more for the first time user. And so the first time the user lands on the page, and they will have to go through the process, but if it's already a user that's a part of the process, it will just be a connection so the API can then read what they already have and then let okay, this is what you're missing based on currently has a user, a pretty fun user. So, yeah, we just need to have an API endpoint available, and then I can then hook them and connect them so it can have visibility on what's going on if it's already have that would be, that would be easy, yeah, do you have those API routes already available?

Tobe  10:28  
Yeah, we will very soon, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Dax Giornandi  10:31  
Basically, the CQC reports that we're building going to hold their data on their in a new table. So each report will hold will have a separate data point for for those queries. So we'll have to build the we'll have to build out the API for that. But it should, should be very complicated.

Speaker 1  10:50  
How soon you think you can I can have them, because I will definitely need it for the test.

Dax Giornandi  10:57  
I can probably get you the first one

Unknown Speaker  11:02  
this. Week possibly

Dax Giornandi  11:06  
see where they are. They're trying to get through the remaining of the reports, but I know the first one's up and running, so we can build the API out for that, and that will give you a baseline.

Tobe  11:17  
There are about eight or nine DAX, right? Yeah, yeah. So you're saying they've only done one so far.

Dax Giornandi  11:25  
They've completed the first one. He's on the second or third one. So they should be doing those, you know, early next week, but we'll need a little bit longer to finish them off, and then I can get what I'm saying is I can get black and get him working on the API and in as he works as he goes along. So we'll have the So, yeah, you'll get something to work with, a basis to start with.

Cyriac Zeh  11:55  
Okay, that sounds good, yeah. Because all my APIs groups are just ready, I will just do some modifications in order to do the integrations. And so once I get to the point where I start connecting, I will definitely need them to be ready. I think I might just have to wait, unless I don't want to work one with work one by one at a time. It will be great if everything is done at the same time, and then I can then hook and everything and have something completely done. We'll work on it.

Tobe  12:24  
We'll work on it. Cyriac, that's, let's just get what's his name, Ashen, the new guy, and Jasmine. Yeah, we need to, I think the Cliff Notes is that we need to speed up a little bit. Yeah, the first was

Dax Giornandi  12:39  
always gonna take a lot longer because, you know, he had to get the framework for it, but he finished that a few days ago when it was finished on Wednesday. So he's on. He's on to the second, third one already. But yeah, if I get ash on as well, then we should be done. I'll find out when, when? When they estimate it.

Tobe  12:59  
Okay, cool. We'll figure that out. Cyriacac, let's have a look at your thing. Like, let's have a look at just the flow.

Cyriac Zeh  13:04  
Yeah. Okay. So yeah. So these are the API file, the old so, yeah, everything is just really in the UI as well. It's also been completely put together as a quick overview. This is pretty much the dashboard where you get to see compliance, quarter ready, open gaps and overdue tasks you have. Also the CTC domain card overview here. This would be the priority caps. I think that's like missing that you need to fix in

Tobe  13:36  
your sorry to cut you. This is brilliant. Can you scroll up to the top? Okay, with the predicted rating. Can you use the CQC terminology? Because, you know, they have a various they have good, excellent, I don't mind the 72% but I want that secret CQC nomenclature, you know, like just, just Google on their website, their rating, okay? Predicted rating, probably this. Compliance score, probably the same there. So everything you have would just have the like, maybe it's a label the good

Cyriac Zeh  14:12  
if, let's review all four cards. Compliance score, this is fine. That's why. Like, the copy is fine. You keep that okay. And this one, you say you don't want to use a predictive rating. You will now you will have to use CQC rating.

Tobe  14:26  
No predicted rating is fine. Okay, next to the 72% have the CQ because CQC doesn't say 72% is your rating. They say your rating is good, excellent, poor. Okay, so

Cyriac Zeh  14:39  
not numbers, okay, you

Tobe  14:41  
can keep the number, but also have the same,

Cyriac Zeh  14:44  
okay, okay, okay, okay, I think just a badge, maybe, like a badge,

Tobe  14:52  
yeah, open gaps. Click into that. What happens in open gaps? I'm curious.

Cyriac Zeh  14:57  
I haven't hooked anything if it's if you click in it, but again, if you need some kind of like detail, but this is what you get for opening up here.

Tobe  15:06  
Okay, yeah, no, this is fine. This is great. Okay, let me have a look at that last card on the floor over details. That's lovely. Do you know what I like? I love this. This is, like, the right level of complexity. It's not too intimidating. And then these are the CQC domains. What happens if you click across, save effective, do they change or

Unknown Speaker  15:29  
where? If I click where,

Tobe  15:31  
also like, as you click on each of these, they open up a new priority gaps.

Cyriac Zeh  15:36  
That's something I was thinking. Would that be something that you will need for more detail. But the gap, yeah, it will take you to a floor where you get to fix something like something like this, like another page, and then you get to see all the gut and things that you should be doing with the score. So actually that you need to fix it. Maybe this one, for example, you can view a remediation, or if she it's already fit, you can just make as resolved those kind of actions. So it will take you to this safe security domain, safe page. But I was

Tobe  16:11  
wondering, go back for a second. I think you've answered my question. Okay, click on effective. Can you this one, no, effective in the domains at the top the domain, effective, okay, it already does what I was, yeah. Carry on, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  16:33  
Okay, perfect. So

Cyriac Zeh  16:37  
I think on here upcoming deadlines, or this will just be this deadline. So you get to see exactly if there are things I need to be done to pause a certain time. And then you get to see also the level of severity. This is good.

Tobe  16:52  
Yes, it is good. So this is dashboard. Click on evidence. What is evidence? Just talk me through each of these line items on the

Cyriac Zeh  17:00  
so these evidence is pretty much where you pretty much upload some kind of evidences, documents. If any document is needed that you need to upload, this is where all the document will be sitting. It will be like policy, training, risk assessment, really anything that's like evidence I will serve for your compliance, ongoing compliance, as far as like document, this is where we'll be sitting.

Tobe  17:24  
Can we have a badge for the domains? Because like that, like, which domain does it fall under? You know what I mean, like, which domain is this evidence in support of?

Unknown Speaker  17:39  
So we say a badge.

Tobe  17:42  
So kind of like you see on your dashboard, you've got, like, your domains, safe, effective, okay, so here I think that we need to like, so for example, infection control, audit, what domain is that in support of, is it safe? Is it effective? Is it caring? Is it responsive? So you need to add a badge next to each evidence type.

Cyriac Zeh  18:10  
Just okay, just so beside the status, we still need a badge that's let you know if it's effective and or we can update the status to the DAX detail.

Tobe  18:23  
No, what you've got is good, valid is fine. I'm just saying In addition, just add a badge. That's another badge. Okay, okay, just add a badge. Because I don't know, like, for example, DBS check confirmation which domain is requires that you see what I mean. Okay, I see what you mean.

Cyriac Zeh  18:39  
Now that makes sense. Okay, so we're going to add a batch on the evidence library there,

Tobe  18:45  
Dax, do you agree with this? Tell me, like, it's useful to know which domain this evidence relates to. So the domain being the domain being the CQC domains. So, like, they have to have, like, four domains, save effective, caring, responsive. Well, okay,

Dax Giornandi  19:03  
sorry, I was getting confused URL domains there for a second. No, absolutely, yeah, no, that would make a lot more sense.

Tobe  19:10  
Okay, the reason I'm saying this Cyriac is because

Dax Giornandi  19:14  
it's basically different categories, isn't it? So, yeah, everyone, yeah, because you're, you're now inside, yeah, you need to be in this at the top level, exactly. Okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  19:26  
I just have to add a new column that's a domain that way structure that will be easier.

Tobe  19:31  
And sometimes evidence, evidence relates to multiple domains, right? It's not one to one. Sometimes a policy is evidence of multiple So, that

Unknown Speaker  19:43  
makes sense. So click

Tobe  19:45  
on policy. But this is great, by the way. These are just small tweaks, directional tweaks. Click on policies.

Cyriac Zeh  19:51  
It's more like a filter. So it's kind of like filter out, so you can just quickly filter out. And I want to

Tobe  19:59  
honestly, brilliant Cyriac, great UI. Click on policies on the left. Now, bye.

Unknown Speaker  20:06  
Okay, policy here. What is

Tobe  20:09  
the difference between policies and evidence? Let's say, for example, what is policies? I guess that they are different, right? It's like,

Speaker 1  20:18  
yeah, I don't know, but yeah, policy is more like the rules, yeah, which is, for me,

Dax Giornandi  20:26  
policies, effectively is what you're going to do while evidence is showing you what you've done. Yeah, that's right.

Tobe  20:34  
Policies is to make sure that they're they don't go stale, so I can see you've got, like, last updated password.

Dax Giornandi  20:42  
Policy would be, how often you change your password, exactly? Evidence would be, you know, like the toilet cleaning list in a public bathroom for one of a completely non, non medical related

Tobe  20:58  
exactly, all right, this looks great staff. Let's have a look at stuff. This is like their certifications, right? And when they expire, DBS check, lovely. You even got a DBS check? Can you so senior carer? DBS check is great. But for esthetics, I think they do dBs, but they also have, like, level seven diploma, like, esthetic doctors have like, you know, like with the GMC, you know what I'm talking about, Dax. So I think we need, like, more than PBS, we need that general health credentials. So for esthetics, it will be, you're a doctor, and you're registered with the GMC, the General Medical Council, and whether you have an esthetic specific certification. And the most popular one is like, level seven diploma in something like, Are we recording this meeting? Like your note taker? Okay, your note taker will be able to, like, yeah, yeah, good, okay, cool. That's great. So basically, there's two types of qualifications we should track for general medical practitioners, right, which is separate from care homes, because to work in a care home, you don't need to be a doctor, right? So that DBS check it to make sure that you're not a criminal, right? That's fine care homes if you're working in a clinic, right? If you're a doctor, you're registered with the GMC. So we should need to check that their GMC registration is up to date. So you need to add a column for GMC. If they're non medical, they typically have what's called a esthetics certificate, which is called like a level seven diploma. So I would just add two columns, one medical check they're a doctor and they've got their papers, and the other one non medical. So it's like, Have you got your level seven, esthetics, diploma? And then some people have both, right? Does that make sense?

Unknown Speaker  23:00  
You say, add to column. Weight in this right here?

Tobe  23:03  
Yeah, so next to dBs, like, have two sections, I guess, ask your AI, like, afterwards, like, hey, what I have produced is great for care homes. People working in care homes, ie, if they've got a DBS check, I need to check. I need to also cover clinics, right? Okay, tell me two columns for clinics, either medical, non medical, medical. Are you a doctor? Yes or no. Register with a GMC, and then non medical. Have you got, like, a specialized esthetics diploma in, like, injections and fillers or whatever. And that's usually like, I think it's called, like a level seven diploma. I forget the full name, but these are basically DBS. Is one type of qualification. You need to add two types, another two types, medical,

Unknown Speaker  23:56  
non medical, medical, non medical. Okay?

Tobe  23:59  
In addition to dBs, yeah, with their expiry date. So it's like you go to a clinic and you meet the doctor, right? Imagine you already go to London, you meet a doctor. Great. They have a DBS check. But you also want to know, Is this person a medical doctor? Are they registered with the GMC? That's a medical qualification. When does that expire? Have they been struck off? And then a non medical like you might say, okay, he's not a doctor, but he has a non medical qualification, and that's like a level seven diploma. So a lot of nurses have this. They're not doctors, but they have like a level seven diploma in like, injections, Botox and fillers. The reason why this is important is because if you run a clinic and you'll fail your CQC inspection if you're not checking whether your doctors have their up to date licenses right and up to date diplomas in injections like, you can't, like in the UK, you can't have someone doing invasive procedures without these qualifications. And like this is, this is why this pool is very important. Cyriac, is in the UK, like, this stuff is rampant, right? Dax, like, there's massive reform bills going on in Parliament, like, unlawful, like people would like not be qualified, and they'll be doing Botox in your face, right? So we need to check this stuff. This is a huge by the way, in the UK, okay, wow. Okay. I mean, just do a quick Google of just like, government reform and esthetics in the UK, invasive procedures, and you'll just get, like, loads of hits about this stuff. Amazing.

Dax Giornandi  25:35  
Yes, way too long. We store the GMC number, if that helps at all, by the way, there is a there is a field where team members can add the GMC number, so if that helps us put it across or anything, yeah, okay, okay,

Cyriac Zeh  25:53  
I think that's it. And then now on the incident, this is what that would look like.

Tobe  26:02  
That's awesome. That's a hard requirement of CQC, right? You need an incident log, yeah, I think, I think DAX is endpoints. He's going to give you more incident types, because there's, there's premises incidents like, I don't know, a fire or a chemical hazard, and then there's patient incidents. Like, no patient. Incidents are called complications, right? You need to log, you need to log both. You need to know, right? Someone died, someone, someone had a complication with a botox that's called a complication. It's a type of incident called a complication. And then there's incidents with your clinic, which I think is what you've got here, okay with the equip, yeah, exactly, yeah, exactly. So basically, I think you've got it just add complication of field, so like patient complication, but maybe wait until DAX sends you the endpoints, because you don't want to, like do hard, because when you see his endpoints, you'll be able to, like, fill in a lot of the gaps and, like, supplement a lot of this stuff. But to be honest with you, Cyriac, what you've got now is more than enough of a starting point, right? All you now need is the endpoints all in one go, which we'll get to you, and then it's just a case of supplementing, using the nomenclature, right? Pass, tasks, and then tasks, I guess, would just be follow ons from the domains, right? Like things that are overdue.

Cyriac Zeh  27:28  
Yeah, it's more like a Kanban board. That's what I was thinking, that we can drag and progress.

Tobe  27:34  
Yeah, it's amazing. Add a badge so I know which domains these are tagged to. So, for example, review the complaints procedure, like, add the domains. Like, that's a badge next on each tile, kind of like my earlier point, right?

Speaker 1  27:49  
Okay, so you want to, let's say, a column on each of the tasks that has a domain. And yeah,

Tobe  27:56  
the task could be for several domains, right? Yeah.

Dax Giornandi  27:59  
So it wasn't, as you say, like badges, but like, you know, different colors, different shapes, different icons, so that they you can instantly tell which one it is when you get familiar with them.

Cyriac Zeh  28:12  
Okay, that sounds good and lovely. That's how you add a task and fantastic, cool. And then the next one is the these are all the domains that will be listed here. I'll show you, if I was everything.

Dax Giornandi  28:30  
You see those symbols you've got next to the words there, like, safe, effective, yeah, use those badges. All right, okay. It's just consistent throughout. And you've got different kinds you've got different colors, which is perfect. So caring would be the heart and, you know, the the lightning bolt for responsive.

Tobe  28:49  
Did you also add these domains on the dashboard? Because I really like these, like,

Dax Giornandi  28:55  
just like,

Speaker 1  28:56  
is what you would love me to use on the dashboard. That way it's more readable.

Tobe  29:00  
Just copy, no, so copy this onto the dashboard, because I think this is go to the dashboard,

Speaker 1  29:05  
or you want this section in a dashboard somewhere.

Dax Giornandi  29:08  
Yeah, yeah. Then, but you got it, that

Tobe  29:11  
you kind of got it. But I like, I liked that style that you had, because you even had, like, the sub domains, s1, e1,

Dax Giornandi  29:19  
you know. So maybe add those. I like the all in one line that looks very nice, really. So maybe the add those to that.

Cyriac Zeh  29:28  
Okay? And what we have, these are just pretty much everything, but by by category. Now, yeah, this is, this is more fun, yeah, if a chief would be here, wearing would be here, and then responsive, and then where with the score. That's what it looks like. Amazing. And then this is the report section. I don't know exactly, if you need some specific matrix on the report side. Can have this one that I thought about so far, the compliance report, inspection report, and then the all the data export visually. But if you need something specific that you would love to see on a report, you can also let

Tobe  30:13  
me know, let me see inspection preparation. What does that do?

Cyriac Zeh  30:21  
Finish, this is what it will look like. But there could be more data that we can we can actually add,

Tobe  30:26  
no, this is great. Look. Cyriacac, I think for now, what you've got is great. You like, I'm I feel really excited now, like I was worried. I was worried. I can't lie, I was a bit worried about you, but you're that's, I think, I think, I think it's the homework is on us, right? We need to now give you the stuff, because once you see this, there's no point talking about anymore until you see the API endpoints, right? Because whatever you say is probably going to be wrong and subject to your review of the API endpoints. But like, let's take a pause, I think, for now, start aligning the button styles to consents. And also, I'll give you the consents logo. Otherwise, I like what you've got here, and then what I'm thinking is log into consent for a second.

Speaker 1  31:39  
Yeah, yeah, I saw the UI was very basic.

Tobe  31:43  
So I know, I know you're gonna hate that. How long, like, Do you reckon you could just, like, just work your magic on our UI? Because, honestly, I hate, like, you should see our devs. Like, it's just so painful, man, I don't know. Like, do you think? What do you think? But at the same time, I don't want to, like, start, like, a bunch of work that will take ages, yeah,

Cyriac Zeh  32:09  
because something is blocking. My English. What's going on? Is it this one? I don't know what's blocking. I Yes, something is blocking.

Cyriac Zeh  32:31  
It's only on this page. What's going on? But what were you saying about the UI? Did you want a facelift? Or you want me to just make it match this one that we have on consent.

Tobe  32:44  
I think, I think for now,

Unknown Speaker  32:48  
okay, I need to match what we have. Do you have a design system?

Dax Giornandi  32:54  
Hello, we've got a design Bible somewhere. We can dig it up.

Tobe  33:07  
Sorry about that I was saying, I think for now, just change the font to consents font, okay, and just have the buttons you see how we've got these blue buttons, yeah. Just do, just change those button styles. That's all.

Speaker 1  33:25  
My question is, do you have a design system and what font are using?

Tobe  33:30  
If you Yeah, I'll get you that. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  33:33  
great, yeah, I can make a quick update.

Tobe  33:35  
Cool, just those two. Because what I'm thinking is, when users upload this, when they log along into consents, we'll have a button at the top. Could you I can see your calendar now,

Speaker 1  33:53  
don't know what's going on here, but it's blocking it from

Tobe  33:57  
no worries, I guess. Can you see, can you see at the top where we've got AI,

Speaker 1  34:03  
yeah, yeah. I think I saw it somewhere on a sidebar.

Tobe  34:06  
Well, at the top, at the top side, top bar.

Speaker 1  34:10  
I cannot get to the sidebar, but I will take a look at it once after the call. I will definitely Oh, right here.

Tobe  34:15  
Okay, yeah, okay. So next to that, we'll have a button called compliance. They click that, and then it should launch your it should launch your dashboard. Compliance, yeah, you know, but the trick is, the trick is it should launch it, but also keep our side. Now, like DAX, we've done this a bunch of times, right? Like with the ads, there's a way we can, like, have it where our sidebar is kept, you know, the black sidebar, but then it launches cyriace, and then maybe we have, like, we need an SSO, or should we just have it So it's just one login.

Cyriac Zeh  35:00  
I was thinking about that, that we should find a way that if a user is already the session, login is already on consent, it's going to load the page directly to the new app so that share the same database. They can just log in. They don't have to create an account again. We can just upload those exactly something.

Tobe  35:24  
I'm sure we can do that. Yeah. Because the great thing is, is, like, if, obviously, step one is to integrate it into consents, but eventually, Cyriac, I want to be able to, like, use your compliance module on any CRM. So I like, I will say, like, I don't care if you're on power. Patient, perfect. Whatever it is, our CQC compliance module plugs into any CRM and if you've got the endpoints, great. And we have like, an adapter for like, different CRMs, you know what I mean. So it's like, it could be a standalone tool or it could be bundled into consents. So I think that that's the thing. So anyway, I'll get you the font and also the button styles, and then just change that, and also get you the logo. But then, other than that, just everything you've got is perfect. Just keep it, keep it, keep it how it is. You know, it's just so that it doesn't look like a completely different product

Cyriac Zeh  36:23  
I see, I see so on the setting, I was kind of confused. I was not sure if you want to make it a SAS or not a SAS. So this is what we have so far, the org. We just have the organization for the user. The user's base would be pretty much here, with the different roles. Notifications will be here. Integration will be here, if you want to integrate, and then SDK, as I think the SDK will also lead inside integration, where you can generate and we can rotate your key, and then the billing. So I don't know if this is what it should be like on a settings, or you don't want to make it as a SAS, what? What's the No?

Tobe  37:05  
Keep it as a SaaS, because that's going to be useful down the track for the precise point. I just said, because some people will just want the compliance module, right? Okay, some people will say, I already have a CRM or an EHR, I just want your compliance module. Those people will just sell them the compliance module, and we'll need the SAS. That's down the track, but in the near term, all of our customers, the first set of customers, will already have consent. CRM, so the SAS element is not like as needed for them. We already have organizations on consents team members, so you should just pull in from that. I guess DAX, you can help with that. Yeah, that's all

Dax Giornandi  37:50  
API stuff's all right there. So that's not really a problem at all, yeah. But I think, I think you're right, if the works that do the other pages there will need it down the line. So we can just hide the we can just hide the bits we don't need because we already have them.

Cyriac Zeh  38:05  
Yeah. All right, that sounds perfect. I think those feedback definitely gonna be very useful. So I know exactly what I'm gonna I'm gonna do the next update, the next milestone will just be viewed the database and then connect the API, and then really start testing. We can, I can do that all by next week, as soon as I get the endpoint, it would be easy. The logos are easy to update in the font. It can take few hours. But the main things right now is just those endpoint that would be and how we're going to do the integration from existing, existing ones, and then for them to be able to log into this platform, we can figure that out down the road Exactly. Let's make the next one be the those endpoint. That's what

Tobe  38:56  
I need from it cool. I stay on the line. I'm going to add you to Slack again, because then you can just chat to DAX and Jasmine, yeah, NIDROSOFT. Dot what? Yeah, Gmail,

Cyriac Zeh  39:13  
NIDROSOFT, gmail.com,

Tobe  39:18  
okay, tell me if you receive this.

Cyriac Zeh  39:20  
Okay, let me check nidrosoft@gmail.com right?

Tobe  39:29  
This user disabled.

Cyriac Zeh  39:35  
I don't know what happened, because I used to like for other stuff, but I don't know what happened on your site. Is this like or someone in the team?

Tobe  39:46  
Do you have whatsapp on your desktop? So

Tobe  39:52  
I'm about to WhatsApp you an invite now,

Cyriac Zeh  39:55  
okay, Let me quickly open that. I

Cyriac Zeh  40:08  
some sitting

Cyriac Zeh  40:20  
device. Link you.

Cyriac Zeh  40:57  
There you go. Me,

Tobe  41:21  
where's the code. It was, I think if you go back, it was saying something just there. It looks like you're seeing on

Tobe  41:35  
it was that in that message, it was saying something like there was an issue.

Dax Giornandi  41:40  
Yeah, I think you're looking at the wrong Gmail account. One, the logo was the yellow one,

Unknown Speaker  41:50  
Slack, Slack slacks,

Cyriac Zeh  42:02  
if You think okay, if you don't see

Cyriac Zeh  42:13  
images,

Cyriac Zeh  42:20  
anything,

Tobe  42:26  
let me send you an email. Let's I'll send you the link in a In a new email.

Cyriac Zeh  42:42  
You already here. You

Tobe  43:09  
wait, wait, read that. No, no. Slow down. Slow down. Scroll to the top. Look. Oh, is it me? Okay? One second, your account was deactivated.

Cyriac Zeh  43:23  
I need to build on my side. Yeah, I must, because I have, like, on other channels for my my job and and these other channels that I have with other friends, and must be on your side.

Cyriac Zeh  43:37  
Yeah, that's weird.

Dax Giornandi  43:40  
I mean, yeah, but I don't Think I can help you.

Tobe  44:15  
You difficult, figure this out. I think I need to be on a desktop to, like, manage people, but I'll reactivate you. But that's the issue. At least we got to the bottom of that.

Cyriac Zeh  44:51  
Yeah, that's definitely yeah, because I was, I was wondering what was happening, but glad that we so yeah, once I get that, I will be able to definitely speed the things up and get the backend hooked up to the and you say you want to host it absolutely on AWS, or you open to hosting, because I think always it's it gets complex to manage, and it's also expensive for no Reason.

Tobe  45:21  
We were kind of too late for that. We already already net deep in AWS. So it will have to be hosted on AWS or digital oceans, one of the two.

Cyriac Zeh  45:31  
Okay, yeah, I just been using vercel for years. And sometimes I use railways. They're pretty, really, really easy. Like to quickly onboard or add something in, easily compare, I guess we could do the

Tobe  45:48  
directory is on Versailles, isn't it? Dax. The only thing I'm worried about this is pretty sensitive information. It does Versailles have? Like, do they have European where is it hosted? Where's the data located? I guess, yeah, they have

Cyriac Zeh  46:02  
data center everywhere, because it's like over us, but simplify. So if the complexity of AWS, and then you use Versa, because it's so easy, I host all the product is on vercel, yeah, it's they have data center everywhere, so if and they also have CDNs. So if you worry about the location and the speed, they can give you a city in Europe. So any when you install a project, they guide you through the process, like, where do you want to host it? They give you Europe, Eastern Europe, all those countries, and you just select the data center. And it's so easy,

Tobe  46:36  
okay, I think that could work. I think there's this stuff, but it needs to be in the UK.

Speaker 1  46:41  
So, yeah, okay, that's, that's about, yeah, that is an area where it's really, I'm just

Dax Giornandi  46:51  
looking at it now, reason by priority, yeah, I think we recovered. I could double check. But the EU West, yeah, London, you know, the kingdom. So there's that,

Tobe  47:03  
seems, that seems, that seems possible. Yeah, okay. Cyriac, done. Let's keep it on. Versailles, you

Cyriac Zeh  47:10  
just have to set up an account on your

Tobe  47:12  
site, and then you can we've got, we've got one. We'll give you the access.

Unknown Speaker  47:15  
We've got no Versa account.

Speaker 1  47:19  
I think we're good. Now. You also mentioned that you wanted to check the day this product that I was working on.

Tobe  47:27  
Yeah, sure, if you got time.

Cyriac Zeh  47:30  
Okay, did you take a landing page?

Tobe  47:33  
No, not yet. I didn't look. I just, I just saw the title.

Unknown Speaker  47:38  
Where did you find it? Was it on LinkedIn?

Tobe  47:42  
Um, yeah, like, it's medium, right? You post on Medium. So I've got

Cyriac Zeh  47:47  
your yo, okay, medium, yes, yes, yes, I post on Medium and LinkedIn at same time. So yeah, the idea is that I've noticed that most practices use so many software to run the business, and since we are moving away from the traditional software, where we just kick around things now we are trying to, I mean, most software are moving to the agentic system. And if something's going to be agentic, that means that they are a lot of task processes inside the workflow of a business that can just be automated by AI. And so I then start studying industry to see what are the industry that can be fully automated. And dental practices are the first one that I was really looking to and what I've noticed is that we can definitely build energetic system in that space. And I was kind of like showcasing, in this case, how this agent will then be able to replace all the tools that the dentist uses. So this is one of the use case for example, they are on a scheduling side. Was thinking about building an agent that would then be able to do smart booking, they can do cancelation. They can recall the no show, the schedule and the optimization, because now we have AI agent. I can make phone calls for you. Or if someone calls your business, they can pick up and really help your customer, the patient, in so many ways, verify the insurance, the information, the database or social security, all the detail that a front desk worker will do, AI can now do that, and also on the billing side of things, all the stuff that happens in the billing side dentists, they use a bunch of software for that. So the idea was to replace all that with one smart system that's very agentic and that can just, pretty much run your your whole business. And this was then possible by just building an agent for each of the core things that pretty much is a part of the business. And to showcase exactly how that looks like, this is pretty much a day in the life of a, you know, a dental practice where, at 12am you know, nothing's happening. The business is sleeping. So the system is pretty much do nothing, but having AI agent there will be walking while you sleep. There will be processing claims, running reactivations, campaigns, sending SMS and all that. When you open your business in the morning, you're probably going to start, you know, getting started your day, but you wouldn't have an agent that's been active online, and now we'll pretty much get things started easily. For things like sign up or new patient, they will be able to handle it even faster, pretty much. Yeah, you would take a look at Mira DAX space and read through and then start putting this together. So far, this is where I am so far. I start with the home page and start doing the whole UI. And so when you learn inside the dashboard, you have a rundown of what's been happening. Something like, Hey, you have 18 patient today across two providers and two appointment was unconfirmed because the agent was able to take phone calls while you were sleeping, they can quickly give you, like a morning brief of what happened when you were off and you have a clear visual of what's happening inside your practice. Here things that are pending and then things that these are, Agent Vera is an AI. Agent relay is an AI. Agent Stella is not an agent, and also is also an agent that handled insurances. So these are things that are doing. They are doing the background while you focus on something else. They just keep working, but they keep you updated about action that you need to take. And you can see the activity here, and then on your schedule, you get to view exactly what's happening, what's confirmed, what's not confirmed. And on a schedule side, you also have visibility. See this agent has tool access to tools like they can book, they can remove someone, they can cancel. So you will just see your calendar being updated live, because you know, they can take phone calls, and you get to see exactly what's happening. And you have that clear start view on this sidebar, and waitlist will show you in the conference would also be shown in this site. You have a weekly view of what's happening among view, and then also a list view of everything here and on the patient side, you also have pretty much like a CRM for patients. And so again, the idea is that we want to combine all the tool that they use in just one piece of software. And so the patient will be managed here the billing section will be managing all your billing stuff, insurances, verification, all the denial. They will be managed by the AI agent directly inside the tool and the communication. So when it comes to like emails, they can send email. They can text people. They can launch campaign so you get to see a call off of what's happening here. They can transfer phone calls. Really have visibility on your business, and think they are autonomous. So it's like, really barely have to touch your dashboard, because they just do everything for you. And then you have a reporting section that pretty much showcase exactly what's happening. Has a big overview, production collection, on the patient side, on the schedule and on the report library view. So that's pretty much the rundown. So the way I will implement this, this is just a UI now I will then work on the AI brain that will orchestrate all five agent and then be able to manage your business. And the logic is that when you set your account up, you can define what they have access to. You can define you can give them some kind of freedom. Say, Hey, this is what you'll be able to do based on what you're going to check out during the onboarding process. And then we then going to import all your patient days that you already have in another software, and then plug into here, and pretty much here, manage your business in a very autonomous way without you really having to touch anything.

Tobe  54:00  
Okay, so this is interesting. We just have to be careful when you get into agentic workflows in healthcare, because it sounds clever, but it's also a lawsuit waiting to happen. So you need to ban the word automate, right? I don't want to like. Everything must be human in the loop. Everything must be very, very like, because if you send details, if an agent sends details or makes a mistake, cyriach, that's like, that's like, pretty catastrophic, right? So that's the first thing. Like, we got to, like, really lean on human in the loop. It's, it's a co pilot, right? Not nothing is automated. That's the first thing. The second thing, which I think I saw in your medium article, like it needs to be deterministic. So I think if you can do this where it's pulling from consents, or in any other CRM endpoints, right for the data, it's completely deterministic. I think it could work. So it's not hallucinating or, like, you know, making up things. And then number three, obviously, kind of like what you're doing on the compliance module you need to, like, think about how it, like, sits on top of consents or any other CRM eventually, which is kind of like what you're already doing about the compliance like, if we can, if you can, kind of demonstrate these three things, like, hey Tobe, like, it's human in the loop, I'm going to cut down error so that, like, it's not agents running riot on your practice, because clinic owner is going to ask this, right? And then the second thing, like, I'm really going to need, like, determinism and evidence on, like, how the architect, architecture ensures, like, no hallucination, which I think in your medium article, you touch on, which I liked, and then thirdly, obviously, just like harmonization with consents, which you're already kind of doing. If you can bear these three things in mind, I'd be up for, like, yeah, exploring this further, but like, at the moment, I'm purposefully staying away from agentic workflows. I'm just kind of being hyper, hyper targeted for the for those reasons I gave,

Cyriac Zeh  56:15  
okay, that's very I understand what you're saying. I think it's something that that's what I would love to understand, because I thought about having a knowledge base, and that knowledge base will always,

Tobe  56:30  
yeah, exactly. You need a graph layer, knowledge base, layer, Cyriac. And I think that will answer that like point too, if you start talking like that, yeah, then

Cyriac Zeh  56:38  
yeah, yeah. Definitely will add insight. I will knowledge base where each agent you can give it like a source of document, and you can either activate them or decide to get them if you don't want them to touch a specific aspect of the business. And then you can also regulate the prompts behind it that's starting them just so they can be behave a certain way. But yeah, what you say makes 100%

Tobe  57:01  
same time. And then also you need, like, in your knowledge base layer, you also need, like, an ontology layer, or a knowledge like a graph layer, which explains the entities, the relationships between, like, the things in your CRM, like, what's a patient, what's the treatment, what's a complication. So, like, think about that like, like, an ontology, or the schema, you know, you know what I mean, like, kind of, like explaining what the entities and the relationships are for a typical clinic. And then the other thing is, like, for the agents, I don't like the name, like, like human names for agents, just call it out what it is. So Stella is a re engagement agent that, like, sees the amount of patients that haven't booked with you in six months and then re engages them. Like, so that's like, a marketing re engagement agent. Or if there's another one, like a billing agent, just say what it is instead of their name. Okay, okay, yeah. Look directionally, it's good. You can, like, address that. I think this could be like, we could look at this after CQC, but at the moment, I want us to focus fully on CQC. Once that's done, I'll, I'll free my brain and look at other things, but very interesting project, by the way, very cool.

Cyriac Zeh  58:15  
Thanks. That's amazing. Yeah, that's pretty much so far what I've have, but thank you for the feedback. I will, I will definitely think about those things and add a few more in there, for sure. Tobe things, okay, man, thank you.

Tobe  58:34  
Thanks for that. Have a good day. Enjoy sunny San Diego. And yeah, we'll be in touch with, firstly, the slack access and then introduce intro you to the team for those endpoints and API stuff. So thanks for that. Thank you guys. In a bit, we'll see it.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
