Unknown Speaker  0:00  
And let's give x a second. Here. You

Speaker 1  0:06  
You nearly finished Syria. How a scale of one to 10?

Unknown Speaker  0:12  
How close are you nine

Unknown Speaker  0:14  
and a half or nine?

Speaker 2  0:19  
Okay, yeah, it's really more good alignment at this point. And then once we figure out that everything is set, there will just be couple of things that I was just gonna ask you if it's needed. But yeah, it's like nine, nine at this point, everything is nine. Nine and a half the remaining will just be clean up adjustment based on the feedback we're going to get from from the meeting.

Speaker 1  0:49  
Cool, all right. Well, I'll let you drive, like Ask away, or if you're going to do a presentation first, and then yeah, Dax is here as well as we can answer your questions afterwards. Amazing. Share my screen.

Speaker 2  1:17  
Okay, so this is a updated the sign up page a little bit. If you don't like whatever we have today, we can

Unknown Speaker  1:24  
always update that.

Unknown Speaker  1:28  
That will be that. And then I will go through the

Speaker 2  1:32  
inside first, then go, maybe walk backward, or actually, let's try this. Can actually sign up together and go through the process together.

Speaker 2  1:57  
Okay, yeah, I'm going to go through the signup process from here, and then we will be able to navigate as we go together, because we I remember we mentioned that you say you don't need social logins, so I kept it directly sign up and process. But if we find a way to integrate with consent itself and then import the users. We can also do that. We can also do a very complete migration from the database of consent and make sure that all those users already exist, and then give them like an invite link, and they can just sign up correctly and find everything inside the account. But let's go do this. We're going to do Siri,

Speaker 1  2:45  
I can only see this sign up page still. Is that intentional or the sign up page? Yeah, it's still stuck on the sign up page. I'm not sure if you are showing something else. Oh, yes,

Speaker 2  3:02  
yes, I'm definitely sharing something else. Okay, looks like it won't let me pick that one. Let me just sign up from here directly. Now you get to see, yeah, we

Speaker 3  3:15  
can see movement on the screen. Okay, so we're seeing this, this tab I see, yeah.

Speaker 1  3:23  
Now you're doing first name, last name that looks correct, and you just changed tab. Okay, cool, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:32  
Okay, so you see where I'm at, right now, right,

Speaker 1  3:35  
yeah, all right, you're going to

Speaker 2  3:41  
do Thank you, 123,

Speaker 1  4:00  
we can create accounts on this afterwards by going to consent stop Versailles, dot app, right?

Unknown Speaker  4:08  
I don't think I published the

Speaker 2  4:10  
version you could. I will have to try because that's the live version. Let me try the local version first to make sure that everything is working locally because I that's what I did last night once again, because I probably haven't pushed the latest update. Oh, shoot. Okay, I was already inside. I will go through the onboarding after let me finish and showing, showcasing exactly how that things look. See here, and then we're going to go back to work. Yeah, I have to switch the sharing first, because I'm having an issue with Yeah, one of you sign up. Sign up. Okay, so this is the inside the demo account that I currently have here.

Unknown Speaker  4:58  
This will be the dashboard

Speaker 2  5:01  
I really want to just log out first and then go through the process. But let me showcase exactly walk you through the entire everything here. So this is the home page. Once you take the assessment, you go inside, and then this is what you will be able to see once you learn after taking assignment, based on how you reply, you answer all the questions, you will be able to go through the flow that will pretty much guide you to the process of everything. And after you answer and you completely done, it will take you here directly. And here you get them to see the assessment in all the logs the activity that you were doing. And then right here, you get to see now the gap that you have inside your compliance journey. Again, this is pretty much based on the algorithm that I wrote about the assessment. We can also fine tune that if it's not properly aligning with everything. But from here, you can then take and see which one are critical and which one are high. And if you click inside each it will then take you to the process of, you know, being able to apply for each of them. You can still go back and select another one, and has you keep going, you they will start being checked off from the list based on the action that you take. That's the dashboard, pretty much just an overview, seeing you all the domains and the current state of your compliance journey. And then here it's still an empty state, because that's something that you guys will have to test and give me feedback on once I put the most recent code. But this is pretty much what it will look like. And then you will then be able to upload evidences directly from here. These are just filter metrics based on what you have here. You will be able to filter out and see exactly what's happening based on the data that you have the policy, most of them will be on the MC state, because I need data to fully test. The test that I was doing was pretty much just code testing and testing API endpoint. So here, this will have a policy, and this is pretty much the journey how you get to create a policy here, and it will submit it directly here. And you can also generate it using using AI, if you want to. But that's something I also wanted to ask you guys exactly, if there is like you have a framework about a policy directly, how that will work if you want it to be done a certain way, I can take your your input and be able to implement that. And then on the staff side, this is what it will look like. You can add a new start member here, and you will add them directly from here. And once you add a staff, you will be able to see them here as a table. And you can also perform all the CRUD operations, you know, adding insulating, removing all that. Will be able to do it from here directly. All the incident will be managed directly here. If you will have to report one, you can go through the process and fill out everything and then submit a report, and all the incident will then be shown directly inside the table here. The task. These are just normal way to manage tasks, like the task management software, where you can move them from here to here directly. Let me see it should be here. Refresh.

Speaker 2  8:41  
Okay, just making sure it works. Okay, perfect. Yeah. So you can move them here, from one to another, one spot to another, to make sure that one test has been updated. Any update automatically in a database. And if you want to add a new task, this is what it will look like. You will never describe it and then create a new task. All the domains will be seen here. Anything about safety will be doing here. And this is, again, based on the the test that you took, you will be able to have this one displaying based on the test that you took. Initially effective. Domain? Yeah. This is will be where the effective domain lives. The Caring will be here. I think I might just Yeah. I will make sure I push the code, just so you guys can test it and really give me your feedback on that. This is on the caring side. This is what it will look like, and this is the progress of

Unknown Speaker  9:43  
the students. I'm sorry.

Unknown Speaker  9:45  
No, listen, go on. Okay.

Speaker 2  9:50  
And responsive tab would be here, pretty much the same thing as the other ones. And then the well LED will be here, and the domain here, I mean, the report here, and then the audit will be here. And if you go on the settings, this was where you get to set up either the organization, the user, the billing. I'm still not sure if you want to do as a SaaS, you haven't really tell me more about the direction you want to take. But if that's the case, this is what it will look like. We can always implement the stripe, API key and everything around that, but I kept it just ready in case you want to use it. The user will be managed here directly. You can invite, if you have a team, you can invite a team member inside, and there will be seen here. And then the integration for the SDK. This is where it's living. This is working. I just have to remove the so you can now generate an API key directly and then copy it, and then SDK will work just fine. Already tested all this endpoint. I'm just also waiting for the endpoint from consent, so that we can just merge them, so that it's maybe like five, 10% left to make sure that everything is working. I kept these as a placeholder in case you want to integrate something else. I don't know, calendar slack, anything else that you think could be useful to have as an integration inside the tool. If not, we can just get rid of them and just keep this section for the SDK itself. So that's pretty much it. So again, all the endpoint here have been tested. The only thing left here is just emerging with what you guys already have, and then the tool so they can talk together and be able to work together. That's all. What's left so far,

Unknown Speaker  11:51  
if you have any So,

Speaker 1  11:52  
yeah, yeah. So the how is this reading from consents endpoints, because I don't see this. This looks great, but it looks very similar to what you showed us last time. How do you go from dashboards to live compliance based on

Speaker 2  12:11  
I guess so, for now, these live data are based on the test that I took. Not the test, I wouldn't call it the test, but the assessment. Yeah, questionary, exactly. So this is what you get from that initial assessment you get here, and from the for the end point, that's why I was, I was going to ask you that, okay, how? Because I haven't, honestly haven't, put that together. I don't know if we have sample data on the other side to see how it's going to reflect. I'm just not sure. But I created endpoint ready. I made it ready just so we can just connect directly then. So that's the one of the last part that's remaining to make sure that everything is Yeah, but so far these based on the initial assessment that you take, that's it. And then it's going to reflect here and now, once we know exactly how we're going to measure to the data point, then it will be fully integrated. So that's the last 10% that's left,

Speaker 1  13:13  
yeah, so okay, this is great, yeah. Let's work on getting that bit, because obviously that's the most important bit to me. That's what makes this so, like, what do you need? I guess Jasmine's here. Dax is here. I'm here.

Speaker 2  13:25  
I need from us. I think I will, I will want to have whoever is really managing the end point. We can have, like, an hour or two session to make sure we do that together and test together at the same time. I don't think it's something I can just do and just do and then review, but I want to make sure that it's well done, so we don't have to have a lot of back and forth. So if one of them, whoever you think is that So Jasmine, we can have either right now, if they have time, we can start putting them together, or we can set up

Speaker 1  13:59  
a date now. Let's do it now. Let's do it now. Let's do it now. Let's not let's not fiddle Jasmine, have you? Have you got capacity in the next hour?

Unknown Speaker  14:08  
Or no, you can say no, if you don't have capacity.

Speaker 4  14:12  
We can plan this early. Then I could ready some of the parts. I do find out a bit so it will be not optimizedly utilize our times.

Speaker 1  14:29  
Okay, no problem. So I'm gonna leave you and Syriac to organize a time, right? Yes, but,

Speaker 4  14:35  
yeah, yeah. So what? What you would need in that. So I could prepare on my side, and we can have a call after,

Speaker 2  14:44  
okay, the endpoint, the API endpoint that we have, do we have some kind of sample data that we can play with, or this will be live data that we will be connecting?

Speaker 4  14:57  
Yeah, sample data, I think we already have on staging, okay, so I can, I will show, I think there are six or seven API endpoints, and in that, there is already a data in that.

Speaker 2  15:11  
Do you know how many users, how many users? And I want to make sure you cover all the use cases to make sure that nothing is left behind. I

Unknown Speaker  15:23  
users means

Speaker 2  15:25  
I didn't get in terms of like, let's say sample data. These are users sample data, right? Or, okay, so is it like 520, 30 or because I know each user have a different use case, and if we compare

Speaker 4  15:40  
just testing it, so I don't think there are much data, but like five or 10 would be maximum balance.

Speaker 2  15:51  
Okay, I think if you come across a use case that we can just figure out how to fix it, but, yeah,

Speaker 4  15:57  
but that we can generate data. I think because we already have feature implemented, and we can able to generate those data as from our dashboards only.

Speaker 3  16:09  
Okay, it makes sense just to check the check the endpoints. Once you said, once you know they're working, then we can sweat the data and stress it a little bit. But I think the first thing to repeat just make sure the endpoints there.

Speaker 2  16:24  
Yeah, okay, that works for me. I think beside that, also get the policy ready, because, like I was saying, and also how we're going to handle if we want users to generate things with AI. How do we want to make it possible? The output, the structure and the things that need to be generated? If you have a specific format that we need, that you guys are following, I don't know how you guys do it for now, but if you have, like, a sample that I can just rebuild into Python as a file that when a user generates something, it would for that exact structure that would also be needed for just

Speaker 1  17:06  
pull up my original email, I think I attached some examples right, some example policies and some documents. Let's have a look, because I think we can use something from that.

Unknown Speaker  17:24  
But we put those into our demo account, and does the

Speaker 1  17:27  
CQC require one policy or the you require several? Right, like for CQC compliance, you asking me for several? Be several policies now, like you'll need have a look at that email and tell me if there's not stuff

Speaker 2  17:50  
on there. Yeah, let me show you my screen so you see what I'm doing here. Make sure that we probably it's gonna be one Second.

Unknown Speaker  18:11  
Okay, is it?

Speaker 1  18:20  
Yeah, so have a look. Scroll down.

Speaker 1  18:29  
Go down. Scroll down. Yeah, wait so in these tables on the right hand column, you see the links are linked, example templates and links. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  18:50  
Links, I linked to the actual government

Speaker 1  18:54  
website where possible. Let's scroll from the top of this table, just let's have a look. Slowly.

Speaker 3  19:07  
A registration, check your policy. The first one, Community Action Suffolk called sample policy.

Speaker 1  19:14  
Yes, exactly we're looking for. I guess the point is, is, like, there's, there should be several policies, right? Like, there's like, Community Action, there's safety, health and safety policy, like several policies, but in any case, I link them all here.

Speaker 2  19:40  
Okay, it would be great if I don't mind if you when you get a chance to just put them in just one place. That way I don't have to D into because I'm

Unknown Speaker  19:48  
not they are in one place. What do you mean?

Speaker 2  19:51  
Put them in one place? So are you talking about all these or I'm

Unknown Speaker  19:56  
looking at something specific. That's what I'm trying to understand.

Speaker 1  19:59  
I guess. What do you what policy do you need? Like, because there's several policies that could be relevant, right? Like, let's have a look at your thing. Let's see what we're what you're asking me.

Speaker 2  20:16  
So how it's more like the structure, not the actual it's really more like on the structure side. So if I decide to generate one, let's see. I will show you something. Let me find this here.

Unknown Speaker  20:40  
Okay, do policies, not this

Unknown Speaker  20:45  
one. This one is like you create manually.

Speaker 2  20:49  
I was talking about more like, when you generate a document and you want to export that actual document is a specific structure, then I need to follow more

Speaker 1  20:58  
like, No, I don't mind about that. Okay, okay, like, even the

Unknown Speaker  21:03  
format or style, the format in standard

Speaker 1  21:05  
structure, I think it should be as plain as possible, to be honest, just like as plain vanilla as possible if you're talking about exported formats. But I guess my point is, like, CQC has several domains, right? And you'll need policies in each Yes, whereas this, what you're showing me makes out like, there's one magical CQC policy, yeah, which isn't that. It's like, that's over simplistic. So I guess, like, what is that policy that's generated? Or is there different policies for the different domains?

Speaker 2  21:39  
This is more like documents, because I we have situation use cases where you have to generate documents. That's what I did for protection as well. To generate some some kind of document, you want to save an actual physical document. And so if we were to generate either has a policy or a physical document in any kind of form or any kind of like area. Do we have to follow a specific structure format for that specific document? That pretty much was my question.

Speaker 1  22:14  
Okay, okay, fine. Keep it as plain as possible. Okay, because we want to make it to or applicable to as many people as possible. So just plain, maybe, like a simple font, like Ariel, don't put any headers, or just as plain and generic as possible, right?

Speaker 2  22:33  
Do you have a sample for that that you already have, that you think this one I can just follow.

Speaker 1  22:37  
I think you're overthinking it. Syriac, just just plain document, size 11, okay,

Speaker 2  22:46  
and so no, no label like company or anything like that. Just no, no,

Speaker 1  22:51  
no, okay, no, no, no. Label, completely plain. And then just just one thing, how did you bit, like, could you just explain to Jasmine, like, the how you kind of built this, because it's like, what's going on behind the hood, technically? Because obviously, like, I think there's three things that I really care about. Number one, finish these endpoint thing with Jasmine so I can see it working with, like, live data and just from consents, yeah, because that's the because, basically Jasmine step one is doing a questionnaire, and then when they fill in that questionnaire, it kind of gives them an initial score, which is displayed on that dashboard. But that's, that's, that's kind of like easy. What's really clever is the fact that after you fill the questionnaire, and you've got that snapshot you can do ongoing monitoring right of your clinic based on data from consents, right? So that's, that's what I want to see. Second thing I want to see is that architecture stuff, Syriac, you know, like, so like, so that other devs can, like, keep on working and understand the system, which, which, I guess that's probably like a last task, right? That's what you would do last and then eventually I want to be able to clone this out for HIPAA and the different state, state regulations. So I guess, like, Syria, could you explain to Jasmine, like, what you're doing. Like you take, are you taking the regulations, encoding them? How are you doing? Is it rag? What is it like from an AI point of view?

Speaker 2  24:29  
Okay, so this is the flow here, locally, where you start. As soon as you sign up, you will learn here, and then you will get to select your use case. And then, based on the use case, it's gonna take you to a different flow, and now the flow now was viewed. The question was built based on, if you select esthetic clinic or care home, let's say we go for this one. What I did was I compiled all the regulation, CQC regulation, around these two area, and then build a cautionary around it, and then give it a score logic that if you fall into this category after answering this, this, this, this will be the use case for you, and this is what you comply for and what you're missing. And so that's what's happened here. So if you select

Speaker 1  25:17  
your question, yeah, so when you take the regulation and are you in? What is what does it mean? You combine, encoded it into a database, each clause, like, how do you, like, from a technical point of view, like, how does that work?

Speaker 2  25:29  
So it's, it's more like, it's like a small, a small engine. That's pretty much tell you exactly. Let me share that with you. I can Assessment Engine. So this is the engine here. It's pretty much you building something that will redirect the users based on the way it will answer questions. So you take all the questions or all the requirements that they complain for. This, this, this, this is what it falls into. So it's really more like, a lack of form that has a logic behind it, and that will behave a certain way based on how you answer question with the code, I will give him the engine. When I share the full code, he will have the access to the engine, so you understand exactly how it works. But this is pretty much everything here. So it has a scoring logic, it has a scoring logic, a root logic, and then, based on how you answer, it will then tell you exactly where you fall into, and so you get to see you fall into, safe, effective, caring if you answer this way based on your use case. So the engine will be inside the file, but this is the whole engine here that drives the full assessment logic. I screen

Unknown Speaker  26:42  
that makes sense. Yeah, this one makes sense.

Speaker 2  26:45  
So this is what pretty much drive to full logic here, that as a user, after selecting that, okay, I'm getting home, and then now you start answering questions, and you should select clinic, it's then going to start helping you fill out everything here, one by one, and let me see. So now you start feeling but Jasmine. All information but Jasmine,

Speaker 1  27:10  
this questionnaire is just a snapshot. Then the real magic happens is then when it starts pulling, when it starts pulling from what's it called, it starts thinking from consents data right then, like the Syriac in that instance, it then dynamically updates right based on what's happening in the clinic on a day to day basis, right?

Speaker 2  27:37  
Okay, okay, that's what we need to live data and see exactly how things update and behave, and make sure we cover all the use cases without forgetting anything at all. Yeah, we have to make sure that we have that completely.

Unknown Speaker  27:51  
I just want to understand that how many

Unknown Speaker  27:56  
have you looked at

Speaker 4  27:59  
the endpoints, responses, at least that. What are the responses it's giving? Or you haven't touched on the API part yet.

Speaker 2  28:13  
On my side, I made sure that all the API they are responding, even with the SDK, so I just haven't tested with now the input on your side. That's why I wanted to just do that together, but I prepare the framework that will connect them together. So that's really I just now have to work with you directly so that we can see exactly this one by one and make sure that it's actually working. Okay, yeah, that's what you have to do. Database wise. Everything is, I mean, you have access to database. Let me go back to,

Unknown Speaker  28:51  
is it in Postgres?

Speaker 2  28:53  
Yeah, it's going to be Postgres. I think for this, you definitely need to use Postgres. But yeah, all the tables will be here. You already have everything, notifications incident evidence is domain score. They already built so you have full access to the database on your site. Yeah, right now we have how many users? It's just going to be me testing everything. Check tables.

Speaker 1  29:22  
Okay. Sir, what you're going through with Jasmine? Can you assume? Can you start to teach him how to think about this, assuming that we're going to do it for HIPAA or another regulation? Do you

Speaker 2  29:34  
know what I mean? A different tool or with this, would say the same within

Unknown Speaker  29:38  
the same tool, same tool.

Speaker 1  29:41  
Okay, sounds good. Cool. All right. Look, I think this is, look, this is good progress. But I think let's, let's reconvene after you chat with jasmine, right, Syriac,

Unknown Speaker  29:54  
and then I think,

Unknown Speaker  29:57  
for now, or is

Speaker 1  30:01  
there anything else blocking you, or is it the main limit?

Speaker 2  30:04  
We just really need to test the endpoint. I mean, not to test because they already really just need to connect them and get them to work with live, real data. Then once everything is given, like a 200 Okay, that's 24 which I think we should be good to go. I was going to ask you if you think we're gonna need some kind of, like, first time walk through to the user. Once the user land here, guide them that this is where you do this, this is where you do this, or they will be aware.

Speaker 1  30:34  
Yeah, that'll be really useful, okay, like a nice little

Speaker 2  30:39  
walk through. Okay, sounds good. There is that. And then I also was thinking about building an engine using cloud that will have full context of the product, and the user can chat to ask questions using each chat box, instead of having a human behind it, it will just be a knowledge base of cloud having access to everything

Speaker 1  31:00  
that's brilliant, all that UI stuff, because these guys are just like, they need a lot of helpless leave it at that so as much as you can, the better. Much better. Okay, so,

Speaker 2  31:13  
yeah, that would be and then also, like, I was asking about the billing situation. Is it a feature that you need or I don't have to get rid of it? It?

Speaker 1  31:23  
Yeah, women need it, because this product should either be a standalone product like so, for example, let's say a customer just comes to us and they just need CQC. They don't want to buy a CRM from us, they don't want to buy consents proper. They should be able to sign up and pay for just this tool, right? But then customers, if they already have consents, they should be able to use this tool also, because I want to get away from the fact that every person I talk to, I'm trying to sell them a CRM. You know what I mean? Like, you know what I mean that, right? I want us to be like every single tool that we build, where we're ambivalent, whether by consent score or they want to use this tool by itself. So Jasmine, the directory, for example, the directory should be like, if you don't want a CRM, fine. We're not going to, like, force it down your neck. You can just sign up to that directory and we'll, we'll charge you for just the directory. If you just want to know about your CQC compliance posture, you've got an inspection, fine. Just buy it like you don't need to buy the CRM for us. But if you do want to buy consent core and you want the one a CRM, you can buy the modules in CQC on top. So I guess that's a long winded way of saying, add the billing so that it works as a standalone SaaS product, or it works as a module on top of consents core. CRM, yeah. Okay.

Speaker 2  32:47  
So I think Jasmine, you want to take care of the pricing, or you told me you want to send me the pricing and so I can structure on the UI to make sure that it's ready the pricing, the feature based on the pricing structure that in a database, that way you just going to plug your stripe, or whatever payment system you use to get it to work.

Speaker 3  33:11  
So we need to do it on the data that database, rather than through stripe.

Unknown Speaker  33:15  
You guys want to use stripe or

Speaker 3  33:19  
No, what I was saying is, in stripe, you can set bucks, and then the API. The API can call the products.

Unknown Speaker  33:26  
You're doing it the other way.

Speaker 2  33:30  
I mean, I'm on a UI side. I'm not sure if it's going to pull everything directly from I know stripe. You can set up the product, and then the course for each each each product, but on a UI side of the user, if the user say, I would love to upgrade, they need to see that visual and then you guys can just connect with the API each product based on how much it cost. But on a visual side, on the UI side, on the setting inside the tool, we need to visually show the user how many prices,

Unknown Speaker  34:02  
and then they get to choose from there.

Speaker 3  34:05  
We can push the strike rather than pull from strike. Okay, okay,

Speaker 2  34:09  
so yeah, if you set that up, and then I don't know if you want to share or you can just connect directly. That way, we can have that connected directly.

Speaker 3  34:20  
I can certainly set up a company but an account on so we have an account on stripe, we have an organization on stripe. I can set up a separate account and fire over some work.

Speaker 2  34:36  
How sweet think I can have that Sunday, I want to finish everything tonight, at least from the walk through the first time user walk through the email as well. I remember we were debating about either resend or another email platform. If we're going to use the one that you already use, just send me the API keys so I can set out so that when a user signs up, they get the email for notification sign up and then potentially marketing stuff. But if we using, we send, do the same just, I just need the API keys just working the input for the email and the first time usage and anything notification to the user when they perform an action.

Speaker 3  35:20  
When I sent that to you. I've got this. Was it on Slack? I think I said that you asked me to send mail, didn't we? Sorry, no, resend.

Unknown Speaker  35:33  
Because send me the recent one.

Speaker 2  35:38  
Because recent need you think so recent need you to validate your authenticate your, your domain, first. So if your domain is not verified, it has to be green, checked that it's verified, then it will work. If not, it won't work. Every email will just not go anywhere.

Speaker 3  35:54  
All right, I'm looking at it now. I've set up send mail.consents.com that's verified 17 days ago, which kind of tracks that it wouldn't be free? Yeah, I consider some API that the API key tokens full, API keys are only shown once accreditation, right? So I think I did this. Let me see if I can do more. If I'm sending to just,

Unknown Speaker  36:22  
please cool. Describe it from there, cool. Sure. I'm feeling

Speaker 3  36:28  
oh yeah, there you go. Recent mail.com, yeah, it's on Thursday, the 12th of March. In the same chat. Can you? Yeah, if you roll, if you scroll, up, you've got your long morning or from Friday, rather, and then three or four messages further up here, obviously, march 12.

Unknown Speaker  36:58  
All right, I'll just do this. There you go.

Speaker 2  37:09  
Okay, perfect, yeah, this is great. This is great. This is from recent, right?

Unknown Speaker  37:14  
Recent, yeah,

Speaker 2  37:17  
okay, let me suggest. How do you want the email header, because we send, the way they work is things are being redirected, and sometimes you have to have like, if someone replies, because I don't think they handle the reply yet, we have to have a an email. If a user decides to reply, where should I send the email back to? Like, that is that? And then should that be team, consent team, or like, the head of the email every time should I be support?

Unknown Speaker  37:48  
Just to know exactly how that should be structured?

Speaker 3  37:53  
Okay, I'm guessing we'll pick it up Toby, unless you would always change it, I suppose. But let's keep it on. That's good.

Unknown Speaker  38:01  
I think I have everything. Then stripe

Speaker 2  38:12  
Jasmine said, was it just me? Know that they're gonna it was me, okay, yeah, you would have said set something up and give me the Logins if you can do it today before. I don't know what time is it, but that will be awesome. I want to kick this things off and get that done. Do we need any kind of integrations like I was mentioning that would really talk to another accident service calendar? I don't know anything else, or we don't have to touch that, right?

Unknown Speaker  38:39  
No, I think that's

Speaker 1  38:42  
we can leave that for later. Jasmine, you can pick that up later if we need Yes, yes. What is the calendar? What? Give me an example of what that does.

Speaker 2  38:50  
Syriac, let's say you have a deadline about something that's extremely important. You can add that to your calendar or so you can be, it can be seen on the phone or anything, or if you want to get any notifications directly from something that's not, let's say you see how, directly from consent. So if there's something that's need to be triggered, you know you want to get a select notification, or any kind of notification, it can come directly to your phone instead of going to the email. And so we can have different kind of integration based on the outcome. I think this is something we should do, maybe with the customers, like just run a user testing process and ask them that, hey, if you want to integrate, what would make your life easier with the tool to make sure that we solve your problem easily better. And then they can calendar. Probably will be great use Slack for communication. I would love to get notification if I'm behind something or just kind of integration will be good to have. I think we should out of

Speaker 1  39:53  
the box, just integrate it into consents, consents calendar and consents chat, because consent has a calendar right. Consents core, I'll be cool if it natively, okay, I

Speaker 2  40:04  
just think they need the if I think there's an API route for that, or that would be awesome, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  40:10  
Jasmine, you can, you can work on all

Speaker 1  40:12  
right, yes, yes. Okay, cool. And then Jasmine Syriac, when is that? Because Syriac, Jasmine's in a is in India, right, which is probably a really tough time zone for the both of you, because you're on the West Coast. When can you guys miss I don't want you guys to stop missing each other. When can you guys talk personally?

Speaker 2  40:35  
If I think India, if it's 10pm at night in West Coast, it's morning time for them. I'm totally fine. Something between 9pm West Coast to 12pm at 12am so that'll take our windows Monday to Friday. I can, yeah, I can manage to be available.

Speaker 1  41:00  
Okay, evening west coast, which will be Tuesday morning, India. Does that work for you both?

Speaker 2  41:07  
Yes, for me. So tomorrow, morning, tomorrow at 11, and Tuesday morning for him. So knock that out.

Speaker 1  41:15  
Okay, yeah, let's, let's see rep, let's just do the invite, if you could just do it to

Unknown Speaker  41:22  
Jasmine. What's Jasmine's email? Actually?

Speaker 3  41:27  
No, you can do it on Slack. Says, Yeah, copy me in. I might just I'll be around if you need me for documents or anything. So it's mystery.jasmine@gmail.com,

Speaker 1  41:39  
and mystery is spelled, M, i, s, t, R, Y, can you

Unknown Speaker  41:43  
dot just drop it on

Speaker 3  41:46  
slide right now. So what you need, what you need to stripe, just the API keys.

Speaker 2  41:56  
I think they give you the API the secret. API secret, and, yeah, the API key is usually two keys. I can use a sample, and then you can just connect. Or if you have that will be also, okay, perfect.

Speaker 3  42:11  
I'll just set it up. It's, it's under the CQC, so it's separate to the other ones. Okay, that's perfect. Yeah, you can play with it all you need to. Just gonna add that

Unknown Speaker  42:23  
into the file here. Okay, that's

Speaker 1  42:27  
for endpoint. I'm setting up the meeting now. Endpoint CQC,

Unknown Speaker  42:35  
I'm gonna add Syriac.

Unknown Speaker  42:39  
React. do I do your NIDROSOFT, or Which one do I do? Your

Unknown Speaker  42:42  
NIDROSOFT, or Amy? the same one you use? I.

Unknown Speaker  42:58  
9pm I think you said, yeah,

Speaker 2  43:00  
9pm let's, let's do 10 to make sure that with everything.

Unknown Speaker  43:07  
Yeah, okay, sorry. GM, after, yeah,

Speaker 1  43:12  
that's, do you mind just searching what time 10pm is in London.

Speaker 3  43:20  
So you're eight hours behind the UK generally, but who knows these days, we just went forward. Thing actually,

Unknown Speaker  43:29  
10pm and Kelly time to London.

Unknown Speaker  43:39  
Great, big time is 5am six.

Speaker 3  43:43  
There you go. Okay, cool, California is 5am that's like

Speaker 3  43:53  
eight hours, right? Yeah, yeah, seven because we've got, oh, I don't know, we've gone we've gone forward an hour. You go your clocks with next week, don't they?

Unknown Speaker  44:07  
In California, the clocks go forward.

Speaker 2  44:11  
Nick two weeks ago. Oh, two weeks ago. Okay, two weeks ago. On March 7, he went behind. So

Unknown Speaker  44:29  
think I just some time have I default to your times?

Unknown Speaker  44:46  
Did you guys just get an invite the live

Unknown Speaker  44:53  
email NIDROSOFT, Gmail, let me check I Gmail, let me check.

Speaker 3  45:07  
Jasmine, no, got it. I think I got it here. Okay, I'm only giving one more time. I'm just checking with Google, and it says it should be 6am London time.

Unknown Speaker  45:29  
This may will correct jasmine.mystery@gmail.com No, I think that's incorrect. I have sent you

Speaker 3  45:40  
Okay, all right, I'm getting one Tuesday morning, so that sounds about right. I think I just used Jasmine's wrong email. That's been okay, cool.

Speaker 1  45:54  
Well, look thanks for that, Syriac. I guess we'll chat. Will you chat to Jasmine tomorrow? Is it? Yeah, whatever, and then we will, yeah, finalize everything. We should we get a another get together next Sunday, maybe same time. Yeah, that work. Just, just get this done. All right then, thanks for that. Thanks everyone we or whatever is left of it, see it.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
